[Music]
phones make our lives so much easier
different applications can come in handy
and save you time in many different
situations however your gadget most
likely has some really cool features you
haven't discovered or even heard of yet
how to charge your phone much faster how
to delete text instantly without holding
back space how to make your phone's
battery lasts more than a day here are
14 useful smart phone features that
manufacturers forgot to tell you about
[Music]
number 14 network improvement if your
mobile coverage is poor and you are
tired of pursuing signal bars by
climbing the roof of your country house
there is a secret way to boost your
signal type the combination asterisk
three three seven zero pound to get
improved voice quality for GSM
conversations you feel like you are a
hacker be careful though this feature
drains the battery so the combination
pound 337 0 pound will turn it off
another thing that can help you improve
the signal is removing your phone from
the case because you might be using one
that blocks the antennas bubble level in
your phone
all modern smartphones have a wide range
of sensors that determine the position
and the orientation of the device there
are special apps for both iOS and
Android that allow you to use your phone
as a quite precise bubble level to
measure any surface so if you want to be
all high-tech about your house
renovations like this video for this
cool life hack 12 fast charging
if your phone is running on fumes and
you don't have much time to wait for it
to charge enable airplane mode it's your
best option to charge your phone much
faster than usual
the thing is airplane mode blocks all
incoming and outcoming signals that
normally drain your battery a lot if you
have an iPhone and an iPad you can use
the iPad power adapter to charge your
iPhone it's absolutely safe for the
battery itself so don't worry that your
phone will explode or something like
that the more powerful adapter will
charge your phone twice as fast number
11 instantly delete text when you are
writing an important letter or a message
you have to think twice before you send
it that's why we often rewrite the text
a few times before we are satisfied with
the result iPhone and iPad users can use
shake to undo feature to delete all the
text they've just typed just shake your
device and tap undo in the pop-up window
this is how the magic happens number 10
stop pop-up ads when you are using a
free app or playing a free-to-play game
there are often annoying pop-up ads if
you are not ready to pay for the premium
ad free content just switch your phone
to airplane mode and enjoy your favorite
apps without interruption don't get too
excited you might miss an important call
number 9 save a web page we don't always
have time to read something we want so
we postpone it to a later time and
mostly we have some free time when we
are on public transport on the way to
work or back but the problem is that
internet signal tends to be pretty bad
when you are going somewhere especially
on the subway like this video if this
often happens to you use Android users
now can save any Internet content for
further reading
just press the download button and enjoy
your read number eight sleep timer for
music if you are one of the people who
love to fall asleep listening to music
or audiobooks you will love this feature
in Android phones you can go to the
clock app set the time how long you
think you will listen to music for and
select stop playing from the list of
ringtones now your phone will turn off
music automatically and the nonstop
music won't bother you anymore the only
thing your phone cannot do is take the
earbuds out of your ears maybe the new
iPhone will be able to do it number
seven mouse remote if you have a PC with
a big screen or an
you will find this feature very useful
air mouse pro for iOS and remote mouse
for Android will transform your device
into a wireless remote these apps will
make your phone a complex control device
for your computer now you can Netflix
and chill without even getting up from
your couch number 6 enrich the phone's
vocabulary if you are tired of typing
the same words over and over again you
can teach your phone to recognize it and
suggest it to you type the necessary
word press on it for a moment and add it
to your personal dictionary overall it
will save you a crazy amount of time
number 5 put your name on it if you lose
your phone and somebody finds it how are
they supposed to find the owner both
Android and iOS let you put your name
your email address a different phone
number they can use to contact you into
the system by the way you can also add
information about your closest relatives
your blood type and other medical
information in case something bad
happens to you this will make doctor's
jobs easier and more effective number 4
find your phone unfortunately not only
good people find lost phones or
sometimes nobody finds them at all in
such case you can use them find your
phone feature that is available on both
your iOS and Android device these apps
allow you not only to determine the
location of the phone on the map but
also send text messages on it
for example asking somebody to return it
or even make the phone turn on the alarm
signal the sound signal will help you
locate where the phone is exactly number
3 make calls simple sometimes it takes a
long time to find a necessary number in
your contacts list in Android you can
create special shortcuts to simplify
calls to do it just press and hold on
your home screen until a pop up menu
appears then select shortcuts and
contact after that choose the phone
number you want to add done now you can
order sushi much faster number 2 use
power button to end calls we hope you
don't know how terrible it can be to
drop your phone and it happens pretty
often when we are doing such an ordinary
thing as ending calls especially if your
second hand is busy which it often is an
Android phones you can go to the
accessibility settings and turn the
power button ends call option on
soon you will understand that this is
the best way to end calls because most
of the time your thumb is near the power
button when making a phone call
number one guesstimate if you need to
give your phone to your child to play a
game or lend it to your friend you need
the guest mode that unfortunately only
Android phones have it works exactly
like the similar feature on computers on
the one hand it keeps your data safe so
that nobody sees it or accidentally
deletes it on the other the guest will
have a completely clean phone ready for
comfortable using and finally here's the
bonus for simple rules to help your
phone's battery last longer don't keep
the charger plugged in if the phone is
already fully charged sounds obvious
doesn't it but just think back for a
second how many times have you picked up
your charging phone only to discover
that it's already 100% charged and has
been so for quite some time such over
voltage is very very bad for the battery
your phone's battery doesn't need to
stay charged 100% keeping it at full
capacity is actually very damaging it's
better to always maintain a small empty
gap at the high end of the charge bar
don't leave your phone plugged in for
too long just try to give it 10 15
minutes feeding time use every occasion
to charge your phone
this rule is closely connected with the
previous one whenever you're playing
games are typing a text be sure to plug
the phone's charger into the socket
don't wait for your electronic friend to
start signaling you that it's starving
avoid overheating batteries are
extremely sensitive to heat for instance
Apple especially recommends that their
customers remove the case while charging
the phone if after charging your gadget
becomes hot try charging it without the
case on the other hand if you are in a
sunny location leave the case on to
protect the device from sunlight like
this video to let us know if it was
useful for you please share it with your
friends and they'll be able to use the
full potential of their phones tell us
about the features we haven't mentioned
and don't forget to click Subscribe to
join us on the bright side